---
description: Set relative locations of modding tools inside the applications
---

# ▫ 3. Configure

## Section Brief

Configure the WolvenKit (wkit) application and MlSetupBuilder (mlsb), and make sure the wkit Asset Browser loads the game's assets.

## Steps

1. Run the WolvenKit.exe application.
2. On the First Setup window select the Cyberpunk gaming folder where Cyberpunk2077.exe is, and the location where you put the `.\Depot` folder from the [Setup](setup.md) steps.
3. WIthin wkit click on HOME > Plugin and click through all the Install/Upgrade buttons for each plugin.&#x20;
   * Note: REDmod will fail because that is installed through Steam or GOG.
   * Warning: If any error then check if the program is already installed. Easiest solution is to delete it and let wkit reinstall. Else you can ask for help on [Discord](../community-links.md).
4. For the MlSetupBuilder (aka MLSB) Plugin click on Open and when the app starts click into File > Preferences.
5. For the uncook folder select where you created your `.\Depot` folder and the wolvenkit-cli executable is where you installed the `wolvenkit.cli.exe` application
6. Click on Save Preferences and close MLSB and then return to wkit
7. Click into Asset Browser on the bottom left of the window and then click the Load Asset Browser button. If you configured wkit correctly then you should receieve a notification on the bottom-right that the asset browser loaded and then a group of file explorer folders should appear on the left.

## Conclusion

Assuming you completed all three sections without errors, then you are now read to begin modding. Please refer to the [Documentation](broken-reference) section for reference sheets and guides.
